
Contact Information
Sharda Ekbote 
9113279038
Sharda.ekbote@gmail.com
linkedin.com/in/sharda-ekbote-a78496287
Bangalore,Karnataka
Professional Summary
AWS Certified Solutions Architect training completed with over 5 years of experience as Production application support in IT Industry.
 Professional Experience:
      1)   Company:    ITC INFOTECH, Pulikeshi Nagar, Bangalore.

     Job Profile:  System Analyst ITC Data Centre from July 2012 to July 2013
Basic level Server monitoring through HP - OVO Tool.
 Generating CPU , Memory and Disk Utilization Report using HP - site scope tool according to automatic generated alerts. 
Network Links ??? L1 support in trouble shooting like checking link down, packet drops,high latency, low reliability status through login into the router.
 Basic working experience of ITIL Procress. 
Raising service requests and Incidents. RSA token user account creation, deletion and unlock. Internet account creation, deletion and user account unlock/rest in AD (Active Directory).

2)   Company: - Thomson Reuters International Services Private Ltd
Job Profile:  Operations Engineer   from   Oct 2013 to July 2015.
Role and Responsibilities 
Performs routine daily operations, monitoring and fault detection for Reuters managed systems and networks, within the Data Centre 
 Issuance of Internal Customer Notification of serious service affecting problems.
Service Support Escalation (Lateral & Vertical) for serious Service affecting incidents 
 Liaison with counterparts within the company, on service related issues and process
Perform pre & post checks for market open, change execution & incident recovery 



3) Company: - Thomson Reuters International Services Private Ltd

Job Profile:  System Engineer   Aug 2015 till Nov 2016
Role and Responsibilities
Monitoring   Editorial news and Realtime Exchange products   through Compass and IBM Tivoli monitoring Tool.
In my production environment we have 51 applications and  running across Windows 2003 and Linux  boxes  all nodes are established in horizontal cluster.
Using HP Service Manager7, HP Service Manager 9 as a Ticketing Tool.
Handling TRT (Technical Resolution Team) or Bridge call for service impacting issues, raising  MIN and service alerts for service impact issues.
Performing server maintenance during the weekend?s
SME in Incident management and Change management
Creation of Work Instructions its  also one of our yearly goals  
Using VMware vCenter 5.5  for monitoring  Virtual machines  and performing weekly reboots and maintenance.
Updating Microsoft patches on Servers on weekly basis
. 
6.Certification and Training
ITIL v3 2011 Foundation Certification  from  SimpliLearn
ITIL Intermediate(OSA) 2 days training from SimpliLearn
AWS Solutions Architect - Associate Level from SimpliLearn
AWS Cloud Architect Masters Program from simpliLearn
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure 2023 Foundations Associate (1Z0-1085-23)
Oracle Cloud Data Management 2023 Foundations Associate (1Z0-1105-23)   (Valid Upto August 2025)
Vmware-certified-technical-associate-data-center-virtualization-2023
Academic Education
Year of passing	Degree	Board	Percentage
2011	B.E. (Information Science)	Dr. TTIT Ooragaum affiliated to Visveshwaraya Technological 
University, Belgaum	57
2008	Diploma (Information Science)	K.L.E. Polytechnic Hubli	65

2005	Pre-University	Karnataka Pre-University Education	   68.66 %        
2003	SSLC	Karnataka secondary education Examination Board	68.16%



 Projects
            1. Set Up and Monitor a WordPress Instance
You should be able to configure a WordPress instance using AWS CloudFormation and monitor the instance
Set up a live WordPress instance to publish blogs

           2. Email Notification and Movement Process in an Organization
Description
As a Cloud engineer in an IT firm. You are assigned  a critical project. In this project, there will be an application that will upload a file on the Cloud. This file will be processed by a server-less computing platform and will send an email with all the details to the user. When the user receives the email, he/she is notified about it. In case the user wishes to delete the email, he/she has to reply to the email saying Delete. On receiving this response, the file will be deleted and moved to another folder on the Cloud.
 
           3.Scaling the EC2 Instance Based on Monitored CloudWatch Metrics
Description
Use Auto Scaling to manage the EC2 instances and use EC2 instance and capture the metrics in the CloudWatch.

Additional Information
Languages: English (Fluent), Kannada (Native)
Availability: Open to relocation within India

DECLARATION

I hereby declare that the above furnished details are true to the best of my knowledge and assure you my services to the satisfaction.

Sharda E


